


There was once an American spy who was trained by the CIA to infiltrate Russia.
After completing a decade of training, the spy took up a Russian name "Mikhail" and he was dropped into an icy russian village. 
Eager to put his training to good use, Mikhail cleaned himself, and proceeded to the nearest bar. 

Inside the bar sat a few burly men.
"Greetings, comrade. My name is Mikhail" says the American spy.
But before he could finish his sentence, the Russian bartender says: 
"I think you are spy."

Mikhail is alarmed, but being a skilled, trained spy, he says, 

"That is not true! I am the proudest Soviet there is!

He then proceeds to sing the Soviet anthem, so melodically and beautifully, that everybody in the bar cheers.

"Very good, very good!" says the bartender. 

"But I still think you are spy."

Mikhail continues to keep his cool.

"I am a historian! I can tell you everything about this glorious country!"

He then spends about two hours recounting the Revolution, the Great Patriotic War
By this time, the entire bar is looking at them. A local farmer peers over his newspaper, 

"Amazing! You are skilled!" says the farmer, listening from a nearby table.

Mikhail lets out a wry smile.

"But I still think you are American spy." says the farmer

The spy starts getting frustrated, but still unfazed.

He replies, "I am good drinker, a true Russian! Let us drink, and see who can come out top!"

The bar turns its attention to the bartender, farmer and to Mikhail, who are now in a drinking contest.

The bartender serves drink after drink of vodka.

After about an hour of drinking, the farmer nearly passes out, unable to hold as much liquor as the spy.

In the midst of the cheering, the farmer gets up, smiling, and in a slurred speech, repeats, 

"You are good, you are good..." 
"but I still think you are spy."

Mikhail, dead drunk, loses his cool and gives up.

"Okay, you got me. I am an American covert agent." 
"I've trained so hard for so many years!! My training has been in vain." he sighs.
"How did you know I was a spy?", he asked curiously to the room.

The Russian bartender smiles and replies: 

"But Mikhail, you are black."

---

Three guys are captured by a tribe of cannibals on a remote island. 
The chief gives them a chance to live: 
"Go into the jungle and bring back ten of the same fruit. Then you must face your test."
The first guy returns with ten apples. 
The chief then explains the test: 
"You must shove all ten fruits up your ass without making a single sound or facial expression. If you fail, we eat you."
The first guy said "OMG"
He proceeds to insert the first apple,
but the second one is too painful. He winces and says "ah". 
So the cannibals kill him on the spot.

The second guy returns with ten berries. He watches the first guy die and thinks, 
"Perfect, mine are tiny!" 

He easily inserts one, two, three... 
all the way up to nine. 
Suddenly, right before the tenth berry... he bursts out laughing. 
The cannibals kill him immediately. 
The first guy and the second guy meet in heaven. 
The first guy asks, 
"Eh, you were so close! Why did you laugh?"

The second guy says, 
"I saw the third guy coming with ten pineapples."

---

A woman is walking home with her three daughters 
Rose, Lily, and Brick.

Rose asks her mother, “Mom, why did you name me Rose?”

To which her mother replies, 
“Well sweetie, we were coming home from the hospital when a rose fell on your head!”

Lily, curious now, asks her mother 
“Mom, why did you name me after a flower too?”

To which her mother replies, 
“Well sweetie, when we were coming home from the hospital with you a lily fell on your head!”

Brick hearing this, turns to her mother and asks
 “HGHGHFGHSH!!? DNBGHSGH!??!”